cirr ./tests.fraig/opt01.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirr ./tests.fraig/opt02.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirr ./tests.fraig/opt03.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirr ./tests.fraig/opt04.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirr ./tests.fraig/opt05.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirr ./tests.fraig/opt06.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirr ./tests.fraig/opt07.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirr ./tests.fraig/sim01.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirr ./tests.fraig/sim02.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirr ./tests.fraig/sim03.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirr ./tests.fraig/sim04.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirr ./tests.fraig/sim05.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirr ./tests.fraig/sim06.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirr ./tests.fraig/sim07.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirr ./tests.fraig/sim08.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirg 0 -fanin 0
cirg 0 -fanin 1
cirg 0 -fanin 2
cirg 0 -fanin 3
cirg 0 -fanin 4
cirg 1 -fanin 0
cirg 1 -fanin 1
cirg 1 -fanin 2
cirg 1 -fanin 3
cirg 1 -fanin 4
cirg 2 -fanin 0
cirg 2 -fanin 1
cirg 2 -fanin 2
cirg 2 -fanin 3
cirg 2 -fanin 4
cirg 3 -fanin 0
cirg 3 -fanin 1
cirg 3 -fanin 2
cirg 3 -fanin 3
cirg 3 -fanin 4
cirg 4 -fanin 0
cirg 4 -fanin 1
cirg 4 -fanin 2
cirg 4 -fanin 3
cirg 4 -fanin 4
cirg 5 -fanin 0
cirg 5 -fanin 1
cirg 5 -fanin 2
cirg 5 -fanin 3
cirg 5 -fanin 4
cirg 6 -fanin 0
cirg 6 -fanin 1
cirg 6 -fanin 2
cirg 6 -fanin 3
cirg 6 -fanin 4
cirg 7 -fanin 0
cirg 7 -fanin 1
cirg 7 -fanin 2
cirg 7 -fanin 3
cirg 7 -fanin 4
cirg 8 -fanin 0
cirg 8 -fanin 1
cirg 8 -fanin 2
cirg 8 -fanin 3
cirg 8 -fanin 4
cirg 9 -fanin 0
cirg 9 -fanin 1
cirg 9 -fanin 2
cirg 9 -fanin 3
cirg 9 -fanin 4
cirg 10 -fanin 0
cirg 10 -fanin 1
cirg 10 -fanin 2
cirg 10 -fanin 3
cirg 10 -fanin 4
cirg 11 -fanin 0
cirg 11 -fanin 1
cirg 11 -fanin 2
cirg 11 -fanin 3
cirg 11 -fanin 4
cirg 12 -fanin 0
cirg 12 -fanin 1
cirg 12 -fanin 2
cirg 12 -fanin 3
cirg 12 -fanin 4
cirg 0 -fanout 0
cirg 0 -fanout 1
cirg 0 -fanout 2
cirg 0 -fanout 3
cirg 0 -fanout 4
cirg 1 -fanout 0
cirg 1 -fanout 1
cirg 1 -fanout 2
cirg 1 -fanout 3
cirg 1 -fanout 4
cirg 2 -fanout 0
cirg 2 -fanout 1
cirg 2 -fanout 2
cirg 2 -fanout 3
cirg 2 -fanout 4
cirg 3 -fanout 0
cirg 3 -fanout 1
cirg 3 -fanout 2
cirg 3 -fanout 3
cirg 3 -fanout 4
cirg 4 -fanout 0
cirg 4 -fanout 1
cirg 4 -fanout 2
cirg 4 -fanout 3
cirg 4 -fanout 4
cirg 5 -fanout 0
cirg 5 -fanout 1
cirg 5 -fanout 2
cirg 5 -fanout 3
cirg 5 -fanout 4
cirg 6 -fanout 0
cirg 6 -fanout 1
cirg 6 -fanout 2
cirg 6 -fanout 3
cirg 6 -fanout 4
cirg 7 -fanout 0
cirg 7 -fanout 1
cirg 7 -fanout 2
cirg 7 -fanout 3
cirg 7 -fanout 4
cirg 8 -fanout 0
cirg 8 -fanout 1
cirg 8 -fanout 2
cirg 8 -fanout 3
cirg 8 -fanout 4
cirg 9 -fanout 0
cirg 9 -fanout 1
cirg 9 -fanout 2
cirg 9 -fanout 3
cirg 9 -fanout 4
cirg 10 -fanout 0
cirg 10 -fanout 1
cirg 10 -fanout 2
cirg 10 -fanout 3
cirg 10 -fanout 4
cirg 11 -fanout 0
cirg 11 -fanout 1
cirg 11 -fanout 2
cirg 11 -fanout 3
cirg 11 -fanout 4
cirg 12 -fanout 0
cirg 12 -fanout 1
cirg 12 -fanout 2
cirg 12 -fanout 3
cirg 12 -fanout 4
cirr ./tests.fraig/sim09.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirr ./tests.fraig/sim10.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirr ./tests.fraig/sim11.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirr ./tests.fraig/sim12.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirr ./tests.fraig/sim13.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirr ./tests.fraig/sim14.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirr ./tests.fraig/sim15.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirr ./tests.fraig/strash01.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirr ./tests.fraig/strash02.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirr ./tests.fraig/strash03.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirr ./tests.fraig/strash04.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirr ./tests.fraig/strash05.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirg 0 -fanin 0
cirg 0 -fanin 1
cirg 0 -fanin 2
cirg 0 -fanin 3
cirg 0 -fanin 4
cirg 1 -fanin 0
cirg 1 -fanin 1
cirg 1 -fanin 2
cirg 1 -fanin 3
cirg 1 -fanin 4
cirg 2 -fanin 0
cirg 2 -fanin 1
cirg 2 -fanin 2
cirg 2 -fanin 3
cirg 2 -fanin 4
cirg 3 -fanin 0
cirg 3 -fanin 1
cirg 3 -fanin 2
cirg 3 -fanin 3
cirg 3 -fanin 4
cirg 4 -fanin 0
cirg 4 -fanin 1
cirg 4 -fanin 2
cirg 4 -fanin 3
cirg 4 -fanin 4
cirg 5 -fanin 0
cirg 5 -fanin 1
cirg 5 -fanin 2
cirg 5 -fanin 3
cirg 5 -fanin 4
cirg 6 -fanin 0
cirg 6 -fanin 1
cirg 6 -fanin 2
cirg 6 -fanin 3
cirg 6 -fanin 4
cirg 7 -fanin 0
cirg 7 -fanin 1
cirg 7 -fanin 2
cirg 7 -fanin 3
cirg 7 -fanin 4
cirg 8 -fanin 0
cirg 8 -fanin 1
cirg 8 -fanin 2
cirg 8 -fanin 3
cirg 8 -fanin 4
cirg 9 -fanin 0
cirg 9 -fanin 1
cirg 9 -fanin 2
cirg 9 -fanin 3
cirg 9 -fanin 4
cirg 10 -fanin 0
cirg 10 -fanin 1
cirg 10 -fanin 2
cirg 10 -fanin 3
cirg 10 -fanin 4
cirg 11 -fanin 0
cirg 11 -fanin 1
cirg 11 -fanin 2
cirg 11 -fanin 3
cirg 11 -fanin 4
cirg 0 -fanout 0
cirg 0 -fanout 1
cirg 0 -fanout 2
cirg 0 -fanout 3
cirg 0 -fanout 4
cirg 1 -fanout 0
cirg 1 -fanout 1
cirg 1 -fanout 2
cirg 1 -fanout 3
cirg 1 -fanout 4
cirg 2 -fanout 0
cirg 2 -fanout 1
cirg 2 -fanout 2
cirg 2 -fanout 3
cirg 2 -fanout 4
cirg 3 -fanout 0
cirg 3 -fanout 1
cirg 3 -fanout 2
cirg 3 -fanout 3
cirg 3 -fanout 4
cirg 4 -fanout 0
cirg 4 -fanout 1
cirg 4 -fanout 2
cirg 4 -fanout 3
cirg 4 -fanout 4
cirg 5 -fanout 0
cirg 5 -fanout 1
cirg 5 -fanout 2
cirg 5 -fanout 3
cirg 5 -fanout 4
cirg 6 -fanout 0
cirg 6 -fanout 1
cirg 6 -fanout 2
cirg 6 -fanout 3
cirg 6 -fanout 4
cirg 7 -fanout 0
cirg 7 -fanout 1
cirg 7 -fanout 2
cirg 7 -fanout 3
cirg 7 -fanout 4
cirg 8 -fanout 0
cirg 8 -fanout 1
cirg 8 -fanout 2
cirg 8 -fanout 3
cirg 8 -fanout 4
cirg 9 -fanout 0
cirg 9 -fanout 1
cirg 9 -fanout 2
cirg 9 -fanout 3
cirg 9 -fanout 4
cirg 10 -fanout 0
cirg 10 -fanout 1
cirg 10 -fanout 2
cirg 10 -fanout 3
cirg 10 -fanout 4
cirg 11 -fanout 0
cirg 11 -fanout 1
cirg 11 -fanout 2
cirg 11 -fanout 3
cirg 11 -fanout 4
cirr ./tests.fraig/strash06.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirr ./tests.fraig/strash07.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirg 0 -fanin 0
cirg 0 -fanin 1
cirg 0 -fanin 2
cirg 0 -fanin 3
cirg 0 -fanin 4
cirg 1 -fanin 0
cirg 1 -fanin 1
cirg 1 -fanin 2
cirg 1 -fanin 3
cirg 1 -fanin 4
cirg 2 -fanin 0
cirg 2 -fanin 1
cirg 2 -fanin 2
cirg 2 -fanin 3
cirg 2 -fanin 4
cirg 3 -fanin 0
cirg 3 -fanin 1
cirg 3 -fanin 2
cirg 3 -fanin 3
cirg 3 -fanin 4
cirg 4 -fanin 0
cirg 4 -fanin 1
cirg 4 -fanin 2
cirg 4 -fanin 3
cirg 4 -fanin 4
cirg 5 -fanin 0
cirg 5 -fanin 1
cirg 5 -fanin 2
cirg 5 -fanin 3
cirg 5 -fanin 4
cirg 6 -fanin 0
cirg 6 -fanin 1
cirg 6 -fanin 2
cirg 6 -fanin 3
cirg 6 -fanin 4
cirg 7 -fanin 0
cirg 7 -fanin 1
cirg 7 -fanin 2
cirg 7 -fanin 3
cirg 7 -fanin 4
cirg 8 -fanin 0
cirg 8 -fanin 1
cirg 8 -fanin 2
cirg 8 -fanin 3
cirg 8 -fanin 4
cirg 0 -fanout 0
cirg 0 -fanout 1
cirg 0 -fanout 2
cirg 0 -fanout 3
cirg 0 -fanout 4
cirg 1 -fanout 0
cirg 1 -fanout 1
cirg 1 -fanout 2
cirg 1 -fanout 3
cirg 1 -fanout 4
cirg 2 -fanout 0
cirg 2 -fanout 1
cirg 2 -fanout 2
cirg 2 -fanout 3
cirg 2 -fanout 4
cirg 3 -fanout 0
cirg 3 -fanout 1
cirg 3 -fanout 2
cirg 3 -fanout 3
cirg 3 -fanout 4
cirg 4 -fanout 0
cirg 4 -fanout 1
cirg 4 -fanout 2
cirg 4 -fanout 3
cirg 4 -fanout 4
cirg 5 -fanout 0
cirg 5 -fanout 1
cirg 5 -fanout 2
cirg 5 -fanout 3
cirg 5 -fanout 4
cirg 6 -fanout 0
cirg 6 -fanout 1
cirg 6 -fanout 2
cirg 6 -fanout 3
cirg 6 -fanout 4
cirg 7 -fanout 0
cirg 7 -fanout 1
cirg 7 -fanout 2
cirg 7 -fanout 3
cirg 7 -fanout 4
cirg 8 -fanout 0
cirg 8 -fanout 1
cirg 8 -fanout 2
cirg 8 -fanout 3
cirg 8 -fanout 4
cirr ./tests.fraig/strash08.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirr ./tests.fraig/strash09.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirg 0 -fanin 0
cirg 0 -fanin 1
cirg 0 -fanin 2
cirg 0 -fanin 3
cirg 0 -fanin 4
cirg 1 -fanin 0
cirg 1 -fanin 1
cirg 1 -fanin 2
cirg 1 -fanin 3
cirg 1 -fanin 4
cirg 2 -fanin 0
cirg 2 -fanin 1
cirg 2 -fanin 2
cirg 2 -fanin 3
cirg 2 -fanin 4
cirg 3 -fanin 0
cirg 3 -fanin 1
cirg 3 -fanin 2
cirg 3 -fanin 3
cirg 3 -fanin 4
cirg 4 -fanin 0
cirg 4 -fanin 1
cirg 4 -fanin 2
cirg 4 -fanin 3
cirg 4 -fanin 4
cirg 5 -fanin 0
cirg 5 -fanin 1
cirg 5 -fanin 2
cirg 5 -fanin 3
cirg 5 -fanin 4
cirg 6 -fanin 0
cirg 6 -fanin 1
cirg 6 -fanin 2
cirg 6 -fanin 3
cirg 6 -fanin 4
cirg 7 -fanin 0
cirg 7 -fanin 1
cirg 7 -fanin 2
cirg 7 -fanin 3
cirg 7 -fanin 4
cirg 8 -fanin 0
cirg 8 -fanin 1
cirg 8 -fanin 2
cirg 8 -fanin 3
cirg 8 -fanin 4
cirg 9 -fanin 0
cirg 9 -fanin 1
cirg 9 -fanin 2
cirg 9 -fanin 3
cirg 9 -fanin 4
cirg 10 -fanin 0
cirg 10 -fanin 1
cirg 10 -fanin 2
cirg 10 -fanin 3
cirg 10 -fanin 4
cirg 11 -fanin 0
cirg 11 -fanin 1
cirg 11 -fanin 2
cirg 11 -fanin 3
cirg 11 -fanin 4
cirg 0 -fanout 0
cirg 0 -fanout 1
cirg 0 -fanout 2
cirg 0 -fanout 3
cirg 0 -fanout 4
cirg 1 -fanout 0
cirg 1 -fanout 1
cirg 1 -fanout 2
cirg 1 -fanout 3
cirg 1 -fanout 4
cirg 2 -fanout 0
cirg 2 -fanout 1
cirg 2 -fanout 2
cirg 2 -fanout 3
cirg 2 -fanout 4
cirg 3 -fanout 0
cirg 3 -fanout 1
cirg 3 -fanout 2
cirg 3 -fanout 3
cirg 3 -fanout 4
cirg 4 -fanout 0
cirg 4 -fanout 1
cirg 4 -fanout 2
cirg 4 -fanout 3
cirg 4 -fanout 4
cirg 5 -fanout 0
cirg 5 -fanout 1
cirg 5 -fanout 2
cirg 5 -fanout 3
cirg 5 -fanout 4
cirg 6 -fanout 0
cirg 6 -fanout 1
cirg 6 -fanout 2
cirg 6 -fanout 3
cirg 6 -fanout 4
cirg 7 -fanout 0
cirg 7 -fanout 1
cirg 7 -fanout 2
cirg 7 -fanout 3
cirg 7 -fanout 4
cirg 8 -fanout 0
cirg 8 -fanout 1
cirg 8 -fanout 2
cirg 8 -fanout 3
cirg 8 -fanout 4
cirg 9 -fanout 0
cirg 9 -fanout 1
cirg 9 -fanout 2
cirg 9 -fanout 3
cirg 9 -fanout 4
cirg 10 -fanout 0
cirg 10 -fanout 1
cirg 10 -fanout 2
cirg 10 -fanout 3
cirg 10 -fanout 4
cirg 11 -fanout 0
cirg 11 -fanout 1
cirg 11 -fanout 2
cirg 11 -fanout 3
cirg 11 -fanout 4
cirr ./tests.fraig/strash10.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirr ./tests.fraig/test1.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirr ./tests.fraig/test2.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirr ./tests.fraig/ISCAS85/C17.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirr ./tests.fraig/ISCAS85/C432.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirg 347 -fanin 30
cirg 348 -fanin 30
cirg 349 -fanin 30
cirg 350 -fanin 30
cirg 351 -fanin 30
cirg 352 -fanin 30
cirg 353 -fanin 30
cirr ./tests.fraig/ISCAS85/C432_r.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirg 343 -fanin 30
cirg 344 -fanin 30
cirg 345 -fanin 30
cirg 346 -fanin 30
cirg 347 -fanin 30
cirg 348 -fanin 30
cirg 349 -fanin 30
cirr ./tests.fraig/ISCAS85/C499.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirg 632 -fanin 50
cirg 633 -fanin 50
cirg 634 -fanin 50
cirg 635 -fanin 50
cirg 636 -fanin 50
cirg 637 -fanin 50
cirg 638 -fanin 50
cirg 639 -fanin 50
cirg 640 -fanin 50
cirg 641 -fanin 50
cirg 642 -fanin 50
cirg 643 -fanin 50
cirg 644 -fanin 50
cirg 645 -fanin 50
cirg 646 -fanin 50
cirg 647 -fanin 50
cirg 648 -fanin 50
cirg 649 -fanin 50
cirg 650 -fanin 50
cirg 651 -fanin 50
cirg 652 -fanin 50
cirg 653 -fanin 50
cirg 654 -fanin 50
cirg 655 -fanin 50
cirg 656 -fanin 50
cirg 657 -fanin 50
cirg 658 -fanin 50
cirg 659 -fanin 50
cirg 660 -fanin 50
cirg 661 -fanin 50
cirg 662 -fanin 50
cirg 663 -fanin 50
cirr ./tests.fraig/ISCAS85/C499_r.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirg 496 -fanin 50
cirg 497 -fanin 50
cirg 498 -fanin 50
cirg 499 -fanin 50
cirg 500 -fanin 50
cirg 501 -fanin 50
cirg 502 -fanin 50
cirg 503 -fanin 50
cirg 504 -fanin 50
cirg 505 -fanin 50
cirg 506 -fanin 50
cirg 507 -fanin 50
cirg 508 -fanin 50
cirg 509 -fanin 50
cirg 510 -fanin 50
cirg 511 -fanin 50
cirg 512 -fanin 50
cirg 513 -fanin 50
cirg 514 -fanin 50
cirg 515 -fanin 50
cirg 516 -fanin 50
cirg 517 -fanin 50
cirg 518 -fanin 50
cirg 519 -fanin 50
cirg 520 -fanin 50
cirg 521 -fanin 50
cirg 522 -fanin 50
cirg 523 -fanin 50
cirg 524 -fanin 50
cirg 525 -fanin 50
cirg 526 -fanin 50
cirg 527 -fanin 50
cirr ./tests.fraig/ISCAS85/C880.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirg 522 -fanin 50
cirg 523 -fanin 50
cirg 524 -fanin 50
cirg 525 -fanin 50
cirg 526 -fanin 50
cirg 527 -fanin 50
cirg 528 -fanin 50
cirg 529 -fanin 50
cirg 530 -fanin 50
cirg 531 -fanin 50
cirg 532 -fanin 50
cirg 533 -fanin 50
cirg 533 -fanin 50
cirg 534 -fanin 50
cirg 535 -fanin 50
cirg 536 -fanin 50
cirg 537 -fanin 50
cirg 538 -fanin 50
cirg 539 -fanin 50
cirg 540 -fanin 50
cirg 541 -fanin 50
cirg 542 -fanin 50
cirg 543 -fanin 50
cirg 544 -fanin 50
cirg 545 -fanin 50
cirg 546 -fanin 50
cirr ./tests.fraig/ISCAS85/C1355.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirg 664 -fanin 50
cirg 0 -fanout 50
cirg 1 -fanout 50
cirr ./tests.fraig/ISCAS85/C1908.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirg 1253 -fanin 100
cirg 0 -fanout 100
cirg 1 -fanout 100
cirr ./tests.fraig/ISCAS85/C3540.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirg 2257 -fanin 200
cirg 0 -fanout 200
cirg 1 -fanout 200
cirr ./tests.fraig/ISCAS85/C5315.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirg 3465 -fanin 300
cirg 0 -fanout 300
cirg 1 -fanout 300
cirr ./tests.fraig/ISCAS85/C6288.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirg 2449 -fanin 400
cirg 0 -fanout 400
cirg 1 -fanout 400
cirr ./tests.fraig/ISCAS85/C7552.aag -replace
cirstrash
cirp
cirp -float
cirp -netlist
cirw
cirg 4784 -fanin 500
cirg 4884 -fanin 500
cirg 0 -fanout 500
cirg 1 -fanout 500
usage
quit -f
