cirr ./tests.fraig/opt01.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/opt02.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/opt03.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/opt04.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/opt05.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/opt06.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/opt07.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirw
cirp -summary
cirp -netlist
cirp -pi
cirp -po
cirp -floating
cirg 0 -fanin 0
cirg 0 -fanin 1
cirg 0 -fanin 2
cirg 0 -fanin 3
cirg 0 -fanin 4
cirg 1 -fanin 0
cirg 1 -fanin 1
cirg 1 -fanin 2
cirg 1 -fanin 3
cirg 1 -fanin 4
cirg 2 -fanin 0
cirg 2 -fanin 1
cirg 2 -fanin 2
cirg 2 -fanin 3
cirg 2 -fanin 4
cirg 3 -fanin 0
cirg 3 -fanin 1
cirg 3 -fanin 2
cirg 3 -fanin 3
cirg 3 -fanin 4
cirg 4 -fanin 0
cirg 4 -fanin 1
cirg 4 -fanin 2
cirg 4 -fanin 3
cirg 4 -fanin 4
cirg 5 -fanin 0
cirg 5 -fanin 1
cirg 5 -fanin 2
cirg 5 -fanin 3
cirg 5 -fanin 4
cirg 6 -fanin 0
cirg 6 -fanin 1
cirg 6 -fanin 2
cirg 6 -fanin 3
cirg 6 -fanin 4
cirg 7 -fanin 0
cirg 7 -fanin 1
cirg 7 -fanin 2
cirg 7 -fanin 3
cirg 7 -fanin 4
cirg 8 -fanin 0
cirg 8 -fanin 1
cirg 8 -fanin 2
cirg 8 -fanin 3
cirg 8 -fanin 4
cirg 9 -fanin 0
cirg 9 -fanin 1
cirg 9 -fanin 2
cirg 9 -fanin 3
cirg 9 -fanin 4
cirg 10 -fanin 0
cirg 10 -fanin 1
cirg 10 -fanin 2
cirg 10 -fanin 3
cirg 10 -fanin 4
cirg 11 -fanin 0
cirg 11 -fanin 1
cirg 11 -fanin 2
cirg 11 -fanin 3
cirg 11 -fanin 4
cirg 0 -fanout 0
cirg 0 -fanout 1
cirg 0 -fanout 2
cirg 0 -fanout 3
cirg 0 -fanout 4
cirg 1 -fanout 0
cirg 1 -fanout 1
cirg 1 -fanout 2
cirg 1 -fanout 3
cirg 1 -fanout 4
cirg 2 -fanout 0
cirg 2 -fanout 1
cirg 2 -fanout 2
cirg 2 -fanout 3
cirg 2 -fanout 4
cirg 3 -fanout 0
cirg 3 -fanout 1
cirg 3 -fanout 2
cirg 3 -fanout 3
cirg 3 -fanout 4
cirg 4 -fanout 0
cirg 4 -fanout 1
cirg 4 -fanout 2
cirg 4 -fanout 3
cirg 4 -fanout 4
cirg 5 -fanout 0
cirg 5 -fanout 1
cirg 5 -fanout 2
cirg 5 -fanout 3
cirg 5 -fanout 4
cirg 6 -fanout 0
cirg 6 -fanout 1
cirg 6 -fanout 2
cirg 6 -fanout 3
cirg 6 -fanout 4
cirg 7 -fanout 0
cirg 7 -fanout 1
cirg 7 -fanout 2
cirg 7 -fanout 3
cirg 7 -fanout 4
cirg 8 -fanout 0
cirg 8 -fanout 1
cirg 8 -fanout 2
cirg 8 -fanout 3
cirg 8 -fanout 4
cirg 9 -fanout 0
cirg 9 -fanout 1
cirg 9 -fanout 2
cirg 9 -fanout 3
cirg 9 -fanout 4
cirg 10 -fanout 0
cirg 10 -fanout 1
cirg 10 -fanout 2
cirg 10 -fanout 3
cirg 10 -fanout 4
cirg 11 -fanout 0
cirg 11 -fanout 1
cirg 11 -fanout 2
cirg 11 -fanout 3
cirg 11 -fanout 4
cirr ./tests.fraig/sim01.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/sim02.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/sim03.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/sim04.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/sim05.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/sim06.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirp -summary
cirp -pi
cirp -po
cirp -floating
cirr ./tests.fraig/sim07.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/sim08.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/sim09.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/sim10.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/sim11.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/sim12.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/sim13.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/sim14.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/sim15.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/strash01.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/strash02.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/strash03.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/strash04.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/strash05.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/strash06.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirw
cirp -summary
cirp -netlist
cirp -pi
cirp -po
cirp -floating
cirg 0 -fanin 0
cirg 0 -fanin 1
cirg 0 -fanin 2
cirg 0 -fanin 3
cirg 0 -fanin 4
cirg 1 -fanin 0
cirg 1 -fanin 1
cirg 1 -fanin 2
cirg 1 -fanin 3
cirg 1 -fanin 4
cirg 2 -fanin 0
cirg 2 -fanin 1
cirg 2 -fanin 2
cirg 2 -fanin 3
cirg 2 -fanin 4
cirg 3 -fanin 0
cirg 3 -fanin 1
cirg 3 -fanin 2
cirg 3 -fanin 3
cirg 3 -fanin 4
cirg 4 -fanin 0
cirg 4 -fanin 1
cirg 4 -fanin 2
cirg 4 -fanin 3
cirg 4 -fanin 4
cirg 5 -fanin 0
cirg 5 -fanin 1
cirg 5 -fanin 2
cirg 5 -fanin 3
cirg 5 -fanin 4
cirg 6 -fanin 0
cirg 6 -fanin 1
cirg 6 -fanin 2
cirg 6 -fanin 3
cirg 6 -fanin 4
cirg 7 -fanin 0
cirg 7 -fanin 1
cirg 7 -fanin 2
cirg 7 -fanin 3
cirg 7 -fanin 4
cirg 8 -fanin 0
cirg 8 -fanin 1
cirg 8 -fanin 2
cirg 8 -fanin 3
cirg 8 -fanin 4
cirg 9 -fanin 0
cirg 9 -fanin 1
cirg 9 -fanin 2
cirg 9 -fanin 3
cirg 9 -fanin 4
cirg 10 -fanin 0
cirg 10 -fanin 1
cirg 10 -fanin 2
cirg 10 -fanin 3
cirg 10 -fanin 4
cirg 11 -fanin 0
cirg 11 -fanin 1
cirg 11 -fanin 2
cirg 11 -fanin 3
cirg 11 -fanin 4
cirg 12 -fanin 1
cirg 12 -fanin 2
cirg 12 -fanin 3
cirg 12 -fanin 4
cirg 0 -fanout 0
cirg 0 -fanout 1
cirg 0 -fanout 2
cirg 0 -fanout 3
cirg 0 -fanout 4
cirg 1 -fanout 0
cirg 1 -fanout 1
cirg 1 -fanout 2
cirg 1 -fanout 3
cirg 1 -fanout 4
cirg 2 -fanout 0
cirg 2 -fanout 1
cirg 2 -fanout 2
cirg 2 -fanout 3
cirg 2 -fanout 4
cirg 3 -fanout 0
cirg 3 -fanout 1
cirg 3 -fanout 2
cirg 3 -fanout 3
cirg 3 -fanout 4
cirg 4 -fanout 0
cirg 4 -fanout 1
cirg 4 -fanout 2
cirg 4 -fanout 3
cirg 4 -fanout 4
cirg 5 -fanout 0
cirg 5 -fanout 1
cirg 5 -fanout 2
cirg 5 -fanout 3
cirg 5 -fanout 4
cirg 6 -fanout 0
cirg 6 -fanout 1
cirg 6 -fanout 2
cirg 6 -fanout 3
cirg 6 -fanout 4
cirg 7 -fanout 0
cirg 7 -fanout 1
cirg 7 -fanout 2
cirg 7 -fanout 3
cirg 7 -fanout 4
cirg 8 -fanout 0
cirg 8 -fanout 1
cirg 8 -fanout 2
cirg 8 -fanout 3
cirg 8 -fanout 4
cirg 9 -fanout 0
cirg 9 -fanout 1
cirg 9 -fanout 2
cirg 9 -fanout 3
cirg 9 -fanout 4
cirg 10 -fanout 0
cirg 10 -fanout 1
cirg 10 -fanout 2
cirg 10 -fanout 3
cirg 10 -fanout 4
cirg 11 -fanout 0
cirg 11 -fanout 1
cirg 11 -fanout 2
cirg 11 -fanout 3
cirg 11 -fanout 4
cirg 12 -fanout 1
cirg 12 -fanout 2
cirg 12 -fanout 3
cirg 12 -fanout 4
cirr ./tests.fraig/strash07.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/strash08.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/strash09.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/strash10.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/test1.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/test2.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/ISCAS85/C17.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/ISCAS85/C432.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/ISCAS85/C432_r.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/ISCAS85/C499.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/ISCAS85/C499_r.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/ISCAS85/C880.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/ISCAS85/C1355.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/ISCAS85/C1908.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/ISCAS85/C3540.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/ISCAS85/C5315.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/ISCAS85/C6288.aag -replace
cirsweep
cirr ./tests.fraig/ISCAS85/C7552.aag -replace
cirsweep
usage
quit -f
